hey guys this is waddell's and gabon zou
we're just here to um you know wish you
a Happy Easter okay so um I just left
waddles cuz he's too fat to fit up here
hmm here we go okay Oh long way down
alright well just wanted to tell
everybody to have a happy easter because
easter is a happy time of year squirrel
I found a squirrel oh it's so cute
little squirrel is blinkin link rel
squirrel blink little squirrel oh good
job
anyway like I was saying happy easter
and um well I know it's not Easter yet
but it's good friday none of the stores
are open save does not I say good thing
though it's good for the workers but
it's not good for me what if I wanted to
go to the store to buy some Easter eggs
for Easter and the store is closed and
what if I can't go to the store tomorrow
about these drugs what I'm gonna do I
will not have any easter eggs for Easter
that is not good good friday should be
open for friday stores should be open
open open open open ah ok anyway i'm
getting all dirty i hope you like my new
voice and if you don't then that's too
bad and oh my goodness the squirrels are
fighting down there oh my goodness I
don't know where they went they ran away
like the squirrels let's just girls and
free where I look I can you see them but
stretch which
huh these little rodents are so
distracted anyway like I was saying um I
haven't done go broncos adventures for a
while so as a dramatic ending to this
video I shall jump out of a tree house
isn't that exciting that is oh my gosh
the squirrel right there oh my gosh
she's telling oh my gosh we're going to
us this is Gary oh my gosh it's right
there oh my gosh what was right
underneath the mean I was scary at that
he was gonna eat me he's right up there
he's looking at it oh my gosh I thought
I was gonna die hey girls can be very
frightening you know you know that
squirrels can be very frightening he's
gonna eat me look at his face oh my gosh
oh my gosh she's gonna eat me okay I'm
gonna run away now what if he claws at
my face my face is too beautiful to lose
seriously he was on he was right he was
right on top of that pole right there oh
my goodness I am afraid of squirrels now
I think I am scarred for life you have a
squirrel web caen then you should be
scared it might claw your face off okay
it's still looking at me still looking
at me oh my goodness well they're like
surrounding me now this has been another
daring adventure
whoa ah pain